SONGS OF THE UNIFICATION CHURCH
"HOLY SONGS"
At the beginning ofeach songyou willfind links to audio-files in a MIDI- and in a WAVE- format. The MIDI- files have a size ofabout 2 kB, the WAVE-files ofabout 300kB to
500kB. So it is recommended to use the MIDI- file ifyour system canplay this. Click here to see german version or go back to german or english HomePage
List of Songs:
Blessing of Glory
Grace of the Holy
Garden New Song of
Inspiration Garden
of Restoration
Spring Song of Eden
Song of the Victors
Song of the Spring
Breeze Oh, My Little
Lambs
The Lord Has Come
My Offering
Unite Into
One
Song of the Young
People Call to
Sacrifice
The Principle Youth
March March of the
New Age
Song of Heavenly
Soldiers Unified
Soldiers
Light in the
East Song of
Victory My
Promise
a. Suffering - b. New Life
Suffering Jesus
Suffering Heart
Heart of the
Father Pledge
The Father's Dwelling Place
Song of the
Garden Shining
Fatherland He
Has Called Me
O, My Child Come Home
Again My Cross
O Come, My Lord
By the Spring of Life
When I Behold the
Lord Day of Glory
Song of the Banquet
Our
Forefathers
Light of Grace
Tan Shim Ga
Urie So Wonun Tongil
1. Blessing of Glory
Words: Rev. Sun Myung Moon 1950 ; Music: Duk Chin Kim
(Listen to Midi - or WAVE-File or go back to list ofHoly Songs)
Now the light of glory arises like the sun that shines on high;
Now awaken into freedom, O revive, you spirits, O revive!
Wake the mountains and the valleys; bring alive the springs of the earth. Light the world forever with the Light of your rebirth. Light the world forever with the Light of your rebirth.
We are called to bring back the glory to the life of God above;
Now the Lord in His greatness fills the universe with tender love, Ever seeking souls awakened, ever calling them to be free. How shall I attend Him who is calling to me?
How shall I attend Him who is calling to me?
From the dark of death I awaken and rejoice to live in grace;
When the one who came to save me holds me tenderly in His embrace;
I rejoice to feel the comfort of the love He has for me;
What a blessing of glory to rejoice eternally!
What a blessing of glory to rejoice eternally!
Now He lifts me up to embrace me in the blessing that is mine;
What a blessing to receive Him in a love so tender and divine;
How can I return the blessing though in all my life I will try;
I can never stop feeling how unworthy am I
I can never stop feeling how unworthy am I
2. Grace of the Holy Garden
Words: Rev. Sun Myung Moon 1953 ; Music: Duk Chin Kim
(Listen to Midi - or WAVE-File or go back to list ofHoly Songs)
Grace filling me with golden light, measureless blessing divine; God
gives eternal life to me, perfect rejoicing is mine. Chorus:
Glorious the song ringing in my heart for my Father above;
Gratefully I give offering to Him, triumph and glorious love. Joy surging like an ocean wave, flowing so deep in my soul; Hope
rises as I go in praise, knowing that man will be whole
High, limitless eternal life, touching the top of the sky;
Praise filling every part of me blessing that never will die. You've chosen me to do Your will, thankful, I vow to he true; I'm
pledging in my heart of hearts; Father, my life is for You.
3. New Song of Inspiration
Words: Rev. Sun Myung Moon 1947; Music: Duk Chin Kim
(Listen to Midi - or WAVE-File or go back to list ofHoly Songs)
Upon the earth I came to life in the world God prepared. One
rejoicing land of freedom I am chosen to build, To reveal the Truth of God, His Purpose and His Will
Sacrifice yourself and live all for His Desire, all for His Desire. All Heaven sings a mighty song, inspiration divine, For a new Eden begins now, spread the message to all. Sacrifice yourself to build, our Lord's new world of life. Seek the land of freedom now, all for His Desire, all for His Desire. We seek the new eternal base, blessed family of God, Long awaited by the Father, God of goodness above. Now proclaim the great new Truth, of kindness and good will. Pioneer new Heaven and earth all for His Desire, all for His Desire. Within a day of bright new life, stand upholding the right; In the
pure new life eternal raise the standard of good. Praise the Father of all good, our glorious true ideal; Build a
whole new world of peace, we will build it now, We will build
it now. 
4. Garden of Restoration
Words: Rev. Sun Myung Moon 1953; Music: Duk Chin Kim
(Listen to Midi - or WAVE-File or go back to list ofHoly Songs)
In this world, embittered with hate, through the thousands of years, Father
was searching to find One triumphant in heart;
There, where He struggled behold, footprints stained with blood; Such
love is given to us in His providence;
Such love is given to us in His providence. Here we find the flower of joy in the freedom of God;
His garden blesses the world with the blooming of hope;
Fragrant perfume of His will fills us all with joy;
Such life fulfills all the dreams of our Father's desire, Such life
fulfills all the dreams of our Father's desire. Fresh bouquets of happiness grow, gently tossed in the breeze; Our
home eternal and true is a haven of joy;
Here in such beauty divine, we shall always live;
Such is the gift of the Lord, Father's heavenly land; Such is
the gift of the Lord, Father's heavenly land. God's eternal providence is the Kingdom on earth;
On earth He wanted to see His true garden in bloom, Filled with perfume of the heart, spread His glorious joy; Such is
the glory to come, crowning all of the world, Such is the glory to come, crowning all of the world. 
5. Spring Song of Eden
Korean Song
(Listen to Midi - or WAVE-File or go back to list ofHoly Songs)
Come, O ye friends, to the Garden of Eden, Where the spring blossoms are best;
Joyfully singing together our song, Friends in our Eden regained, Here in the Garden together we'll meet, Singing new songs of joy. Come, O ye friends, to the Garden of Eden, Singing new songs of delight;
Joyfully dancing together with song, Friends in our Eden rejoice, Here in the Garden together we'll dance, Singing new songs of joy. Come, O ye friends, to the Garden of Eden, Where joy and happiness reign;
Joyfully sharing together our love, Here
in the garden of peace;
Come, ye, O come to the Garden my friends, Singing new songs of joy. 
6. Song of the Victors
Words: Rev. Sun Myung Moon 1947; Music: Duk Chin Kim
(Listen to Midi -File or go back to list ofHoly Songs)
Sing a loud Hosanna to the Lord, Offer everything with humble heart. Come attend the Lord, O rejoice in Him
Who brings new life to all the world. Let
us go determined to seek and find All the
promised glory of the Lord. Chorus:
There we'll sing new songs in the Garden fair, Songs of freedom bright with happiness. There we'll sing new songs in the Garden fair, Songs of freedom bright with happiness. There are clouds of darkness on the path, Sinful night enveloping the land. Brush the clouds aside and behold the light That
shines in beauty everywhere. Let us go determined to seek and find Our
new world of joyfulness and peace. Oh, my brothers all rejoice today, You who sing the song of our new life. Offer praise on high, blessed for evermore, As
chosen people of the Lord. Let us go determined to seek and find All
the brilliant glory of our dreams. We uphold the standard of the Lord, To restore His true ideal. Freely give your love, share the Father's joy, And
beauty will return to you. Let us go determined to seek and find
Harmony within the Garden bright. 
7. Song of the Spring Breeze
Korean Song
(Listen to Midi -File or go back to list ofHoly Songs)
Snow and cold wind of the bitter dark night, Lift off the weight of your cold ruthless hand;
Spring breeze will chase you and bring flowery fragrances, Breathing new life to the suffocated hills. Though you most ruthless of winter winds blow, Doomed in a moment you too shall be calmed;
Spring breeze will chase you and bring flowery fragrances, Breathing new life to the suffocated hills. Butterfly awake and you meadow lark of spring, Our land has suffered this nightmare too long;
Spring breeze will chase you and bring flowery fragrances, Breathing new life to the suffocated hills. 
8. Oh,My Little Lambs
Words: Cho Bong Pak ; Music: Jai Hoon Pak
(Listen to Midi -File or go back to list ofHoly Songs)
O, my little lambs, wandering on the lonely plain. Someday you may fall, overcome by your despair. Weak, wounded soul, no one will come to comfort you;
Alone, you have no one to love you, no one to bring the truth. Oh, my little lambs, here is the One who heals your sins. O, see
how He carries the cross and leads the way. Come, follow Him, He is the shepherd you have sought. Without Him you tremble in weakness, far from the path of life. Oh, my little lambs, hunger and thirst may torture you, Receive Him completely with all that you have. You shall be healed, Heavenly strength will fill your soul, And deep
boundless joy will swell within you eternally. O, my little lambs, now is the time for joyful heart, Sing praise to the Lord; raise your voices in strength. Love all
mankind, Love everyone throughout the world. O give them the love that I give you, O my little lambs. 
9. The Lord Has Come
Words and music: Duk Chin Kim 1956
(Listen to Midi -File or go back to list ofHoly Songs)
O the Lord is come, O the Lord is come!
He has come to the country of God, shining in glorious dawn. Here
is our Leader and Lord, filled with our Father's light. Leading all men
with His Word, into the Purpose of God. Beautiful Fatherland welcome the Lord! Come let us sing and rejoice!
Hallelujah, Hallelujah, Hallelujah! Amen!
O the Lord is come, O the Lord is come!
He has come to the land of the pure, blessed with the blossom of life. Here is our Ruler and King, bringing our Father's way, Shattering evil and sin, building the Kingdom of God. Beautiful Fatherland welcome the Lord! Come let us sing and rejoice!
Hallelujah, Hallelujah, Hallelujah! Amen!
O the Lord is come, O the Lord is come!
He has come to the mountainous land, laden with treasure untold. Here
is our saviour and God, showing our Father's Heart. Lifting us high with His joy, into the glory of God. Come O
my brothers and welcome the Lord!
Come let us sing and rejoice!
Hallelujah, Hallelujah, Hallelujah! Amen!
10. My Offering
Words and music: Hyo Min Eu 1956
(Listen to Midi -File or go back to list ofHoly Songs)
Now I have to come to know, I've truly come to know, Father, how your heart is filled with tears, For your altar stands and waits for an offering never made. He
cries through all the ages for still no offering comes, Our Father cries in loneliness for He cannot share His heart. Now I have come to know, I've truly come to know,
Father, now I know your blessed grace;
For you raised me from the darkness and gave to me new life. I live
and stand before you, but now you cry again. My Father has to say to me, "Go and die now in my place." Now pledging I will go, determined I will go, Father, now I'm changing to Your way, For no other will I follow, but go my Father's way Upon
Your waiting altar I kneel without a word. My life shall be the sacrifice; I will
faithfully obey. 
11. Unite Into One
Words and music: Duk Chin Kim 1956
(Listen to Midi -File or go back to list ofHoly Songs)
Chase away the power of Satan, far away beyond the land and sea;
Build for God a boundless Kingdom, giving joy and liberty to all. Come, ye
people all around the world, let's unit into one;
Spreading forth the glory of the Father, and His great will forevermore. Chorus:
Unite, Unite, let's unite into one
Bring about one nation uniting all the people of the world. Raise the white cross on our banner, high upon Mt. Everest it waves;
In the blue Pacific waters, cleanse the sword that brought the victory. Come, ye people all around the world, let's unite into one. Now resolve to end the deep resentment, of the long centuries past
Build a fortress to defend the peace, on the great new heaven and new earth;
We will all sing 'Hallelujah,' safe within the bosom of the Lord. Come, ye
people all around the world, let's unite into one. Share the joy and glory of Heaven, hidden so long from every eye. 
12. Song of the Young People
Words: Kwang Yol Yoo 1955; Music: Duk Chin Kim
(Listen to Midi -File or go back to list ofHoly Songs)
We shout with joy, we rise and sing! The Will of God is done! A new
day dawns and the dream lives; the Son of God has come! Fight
bravely to crush Satan; God's power will be revealed. In the
children of our Father, the Youth of Harmony. The darkness which has covered us in Him has been dispelled. The
dawn breaks into daylight; we ring the morning bell. Thirty billion shall live in the bright white light of truth. Let us rise
and march forward with Harmony of Youth. As children of the Heavenly power, we march against our foe; The
command comes and the world bows to our True Father's own!
Beaming light unto the nations, we carry high our dream. Let us win out for our Father, we Youth of Harmony!
13. Call to Sacrifice
Words and music: Duk Chin Kim 1956
(Listen to Midi -File or go back to list ofHoly Songs)
Come unite the world you soldiers of Truth, Chosen by the Lord to carry His Word. Till the world proclaims Him ruler of all, Every
soldier must go forward to fight. Offer God your life and desire, Uniting both the body and soul, We shall be the soldiers who can fulfill, Everything for God by doing His Will. Chorus:
Join the fight for the Lord, sacrificing all that you have Join the
fight, win the world! We will see victory!
Come unite the world you soldiers of light, Called to be the chosen people of God. Till the world returns all glory above, Every
soldier must go forward to march. Offer God the wealth you possess, Uniting from beginning to end, We shall be the soldiers who can fulfill, Heavenly desire by doing His will. Come unite the world you soldiers of right, Trusted by the Lord as worthy in heart, Till the world is bright with Heavenly joy, Every
soldier must go forward to win. Offer God the love in your heart, Uniting on the left and the right, We shall be the soldiers who can fulfill, God's
eternal joy by doing His will. Come unite the world you soldiers of life, Ever
to obey our Father's command, Till the world returns His Heavenly love, Every
soldier must go forward in faith. Offer God
the people you love, Uniting both the young and the old, We shall be the soldiers who can fulfill, One
united world by doing His will. 
14. The Principle Youth March
Words: H.C.Hwang 1955; Music: Duk Chin Kim
(Listen to Midi -File or go back to list ofHoly Songs)
We are the youth, soldiers of the truth, called by our God on high; Now is
the time, march to the world, sounding the battle cry!
Too long the dark night of sin held in fear the people of the world, We'll drive
the darkness away, bringing in the new day. Chorus:
Lift high! Lift high! The banner of Truth on high;
March forward crossing the sea, to the ends of the earth. Heaven and earth all are made anew, blessed by the light of God; Evil
and sin vanish away, burned in the holy fire. This is the land of the heart, every people living as one,
Glad voices filling the land, sing a joyful song. Proud is my heart bursting with my hope, we are the youth of God; See
how we go moving as one, marching at His command. Five colors shine in the ranks, every people, every race of man. We'll
shake the heavens and earth, with our victory song. 
15. March of the New Age
Words and music: Duk Chin Kim 1956
(Listen to Midi -File or go back to list ofHoly Songs)
Win the whole world, heaven and earth, God's will for all shall be fulfilled;
Teach to all men God's divine word, Source of the Father's highest truth
Wake the mighty land that remains asleep;
Loudly ring the bell and proclaim to all;
Fighting on till the day Satan falls in defeat, I'll take
the task on by myself. Share the persecution that Jesus knew, Suffering abuse from the mocking crowd. Win the whole world, heaven and earth, God's will for all shall be fulfilled; Teach to
all men God's divine word, Source of the Father's blessed grace. Two
hundred million in darkness dwell; Bring to
the fire giving light to all;
Fighting on till the day Satan falls in defeat, I'll hold
the burden by myself. Share the heart of sadness that Jesus felt, Praying in the Garden alone with God. Win the whole world, heaven and earth, God's will for all shall be fulfilled; Teach to
all men God's divine word, Source of the Father's deepest life. Tell the universe in the black of night;
Shout it with a strong voice awakening all;
Fight on on till the day Satan falls in defeat, I'll fight
the battle by myself. Take the cross and follow as Jesus did, Dying on the mountain at Calvary. Win the whole world, heaven and earth, God's will for all shall be fulfilled; Teach to
all men God's divine word, Source of the Father's greatest love. Tell the people trapped in a world of fear;
Raising up the flag, we will free them all;
Fighting on till the day Satan falls in defeat, I'll
persevere now by myself. Let our Father rest from His lonely toil, History awaits us to do His will. 
16. Song of the Heavenly Soldiers
Words: Sang Chul Kim 1958; Music: Duk Chin Kim
(Listen to Midi -File or go back to list ofHoly Songs)
Beautiful morning sunrise, calm above the land of our hope;
Robed in white chosen people, fighting for the land of God. Towering high the snow white mountain stands aloft in majesty. Ruling with power over the world, shining o'er the universe. Marching on Heavenly soldiers, marching on with His love, Uniting in life eternal with our God in Heaven and earth. Heavenly soldiers fighting strongly for the victory;
Bringing lost souls to harvest from the fallen world of fear, Freely
giving love and beauty to them from our Parents' Heart. Spreading the word over the world, rescuing the family of God. Marching on Heavenly soldiers, marching on with His love, Uniting in life eternal w*h our God in Heaven and earth. Sanctified, brave crusaders, join in our True Parents' fight; Lifting
high the rod of iron, smashing evils of the world!
Now restoring Eden's glory, on the earth eternally, Praising our God, Heavenly Father, giving joy to comfort His heart
Marching on Heavenly soldiers, marching on with His love. Uniting in life eternal with our God in Heaven and earth. 
17. Unified Soldiers
Words: Rev. Sun Myung Moon 1962; Music: Korea
(Listen to Midi -File or go back to list ofHoly Songs)
Strong bond of heart is the force bringing the world into life, Joined in
a kinship of love, all shall live as one. Here in the home of our hearts, we'll share evermore. On this
foundation of happiness, we shall live forever. We're His pride
in the heavenly war, Unified soldiers! Mightily, with one accord, We
shall march, we shall march on!
True men of boundless domain, Magnifying their light, Glorious beacons of truth, o'er all things of the earth. From
that original word life will spring and grow;
In its expression it gives to all the fulfillment of hope. We're His pride in the heavenly war, Unified soldiers! Mightily, His will to do, We shall
march, we shall march on!
Based on the order of God, We'll build truthfulness, One
constant value that gives pledge of eternity. The highest standard of truth which is raised above, Will
decorate far distant days of radiant goodness. We're His price in the heavenly war, Unified soldiers! Mightily, proclaiming, We
shall march, we shall march on!
New culture dawns in the East, Glorious beyond our dreams. Mankind transformed in its light, shall be one family. Ever to serve and attend our True Parents' own,l
Without a doubt the world shall be one world of victory. We're
His pride in the heavenly war, Unified soldiers! Mightily, into that ideal, We shall
march, we shall march on!
18. Light in the East
Words and music: Duk Chin Kim 1956
(Listen to Midi -File or go back to list ofHoly Songs)
Light that drives out the darkness is shining brightly from the East. Sons and
daughters of light are dwelling in the Garden there. This is God's land of righteousness, chosen by Him to do His will; These
are God's people, chosen ones, upright in mind and heart. Chorus:
As we now receive the love of God, our boundless source of ]light, Come,
let's join together and in brightness we shall live;
We'll shine like the brightest star to all of heaven and earth!
Good that wins over evil is now uniting in the East. People longing for good are dwelling in the garden there. Country of prayer and holy life, honoring God eternally;
People who wear the robe of white, sacrificing for the Lord;
Love that ends all the hatred is now to blossom in the East. Men
refusing to sin are dwelling in the garden there. Ridiculed and rejected land, separates good from sinfulness;
People who know the thorny path knowing God's wondrous love;
Greatest victory eternal is now beginning in the East. Those who crush evil ways are dwelling in the garden there. Country divided North and South truly knows good from sinfulness;
People who shed their precious blood, given for the sins of men;
Brilliant glory of Heaven now comes in power from the East. Those who carry the cross, are dwelling the garden there. Country where soon the Sun will rise, welcoming soon the Son of Man;
There the bright Rose of Sharon blooms, beautiful garden of God;
19. Song of Victory
Words: Yuko Kamiyama 1962; Music: Japanese Song
(Listen to Midi -File or go back to list ofHoly Songs)
Sing Hosannas evermore! Sing of glory evermore!
For the Lord has come again, Sing Hosannas evermore!
Heaven dances at the sound, All His angels whirl around. All
creation joining in, Dances at the joyful sound. See the new Jerusalem, Coming now upon the earth. For the day is here at last, Now the Lord is come at last. Brightly burn O Fire of Faith! Burn so brightly everywhere. Light of
hope, burn today, Kindling every faithful heart. Land of Egypt, land of woe, Waiting for the Lord's return. Soon the day will come at last, When the Rose of Sharon blooms. March along, march along, Have no fear, but march along; For
you go to victory, Heaven's soldiers, march along. Praise the Lord, O praise the Lord! Praise the glorious Lord of all, To the Lord
of truth and love, Sing to Him eternal praise. Sing Hosannas evermore! Sing of glory evermore!
For the Lord has come again, Sing Hosannas evermore!
20. My Promise
Words: Hwan Chai Hwang 1956; Music: Duk Chin Kim
(Listen to Midi -File or go back to list ofHoly Songs)
I pledge I will go, I pledge I will go; Go as my
Father has gone. Tears fall on the path, Lonely and silent the path of the Father, Going to suffer the way of the Cross. Ready to follow His will. I pledge I will go forward to Him;
Ready to follow His will, I pledge I will go forward to Him. I'll follow the way, I'll follow the way; Follow
the path of my Lord. Though thorny the path, Now persevere as the brightness is growing, On
to the victory and glorious crown, Giving my body and soul, I'll follow the Lord all of the way;
Giving my body and soul, I'll follow the Lord all of the way. I'm ready to serve, I'm ready to serve. Serving my Father's desire, Trials darken the path, Deep in my heart the desire of the ages, Fighting until we come home to the Lord, Satan will bow in defeat, I'm ready to serve all of my life;
Satan will bow in defeat, I'm ready to serve all of my life. 
21a. Suffering
Words: Hyo Won Eu 1956; Music: Duk Chin Kim
(Click here to listen to Midi -File or go back to list ofHoly Songs)
So many saints have journeyed this road; No
one could make the pathway complete;
Now at last He opens the way, Calls us to come, waits for us all; All the
host of men and angels
Failed to do the will of Heaven; Now
the Lord is still awaiting, You alone
must answer His call. Glory concealed, He suffers again, Wrongly accused of lowliest crimes, Though His path is thorny and long
Still I must go, follow my Lord;
In His presence Eden blossoms, So a dungeon may be Eden;
Just to be with my beloved, I'd endure all torture and pain. I give my pledge to go with my Lord, I
too shall walk the way He has gone;
Though I meet the shadow of death, He is my life, I am His own;
Strong desire swells within me, Leading me to go be with Him; In
my heart such strong desire, Not a
one can stand in my way. Shameless disgrace! You tie Him in chains
Scorning my Lord, you lead Him away;
Words and pictures witness your sin; All
men shall, judgment shall fall; Blind
officials ridicule Him, Still the high priests; mock the Saviour;
Do you mean to force upon us
Tragedy and suffering again?
21b. New Life
Words: Hyo Won Eu 1956; Music: Duk Chin Kim
(Click here to listen to Midi -File or go back to list ofHoly Songs)
Where are His children who answered the call Of
the archangel sounding afar?
People who trembled as lightning flashed, Blazing the sky from the East to the West, Dark is the sun, dim is the moon, Thousands of stars falling to darkness;
Where are the ones blessed with new life, Liberated from the dead?
Now we behold a new heaven and earth, Holy Jerusalem, standing anew;
After our search of six thousand years, Eden rejoices to welcome us home. All of our tears, wipe them away;
Sorrowful sighs, we will not need them;
Where is my Lord, He who returns?
Where is Heaven's glorious One?
Once He departed by way of the cross, Now He returns and He suffers again;
One way is given to me our Lord;
Follow the path to the bottom of hell. Glorious star, Lebanon's light, Shining on all, lighting the ages; There
is the great city of God, Where the sun arises and shines. Come in rejoicing and look to the light, See
how the darkness is rolling away;
Out of the few come a multitude;
Joyfully building the city of God. Children of life stream thru the gates, Close to His heart, singing to please Him;
Raising the white cross to the sky, Praising our eternal new life. 
22. Suffering Jesus
Words and music: Yun Young Yang 1956
(Click here to listen to Midi -File orgo back to list ofHoly Songs)
See Lord Jesus bent in prayer, in the garden late at night, See Lord
Jesus bent in prayer, in the garden late at night. See Him crying
sweating blood watch it mingle with His tears; Twelve disciples all
asleep, even Peter nods and snores. Iscariot comes with a kiss, hands Him over He is betrayed. How
could it be? Tragic sight innocent Lord precious Lord. Twelve
disciples watch from afar, everyone is running away. Jesus alone captured and chained; soldiers lead Him to the prison. Frightened Peter runs from the scene; with his tunic hides his face; Look at
Peter treacherous man, now pretends he does not know. He who made the lame leap for joy, He who made the blind man see, He who freely walked on the waves, where are all those miracles now?
See Lord Jesus bent in shame, see Him bear His heavy cross, See Lord Jesus bent in shame, see Him bear His heavy cross. Spent, exhausted, body and soul, now He stumbles and He falls;
Whipped from behind, driven along, Jesus treated just like a cow, Where are His men? Where are the twelve? Jesus now is standing alone. Not
even one man is there bearing the cross for his Lord. Tho' the crowd may pity a thief, freeing sinful men of this world, Who'd volunteer to take His place, take the cross for God's son Jesus? How
very sad, how very sad, mighty Father shedding tears;
Lost and betrayed, lost and betrayed, all the Father's hopes are gone. Even the
most ignorant men have a shred of common sense;
Who can see the Father's despair, who can share His suffering pain? See
Lord Jesus on the cross, nails are hammered through His hands, See Lord
Jesus on the cross, nails are hammered through His hands. What kind of sin did He commit, this, the only Son of God? Like a
pure innocent sheep, He is dying, dying for you. Father above He cannot watch; When He turns His face from His Son. "My
God, my God" Jesus cries "Why do you now forsake me?" Twelve disciples shared all His ways, still were deaf and blind to His heart
All gone to waste, all gone to waste, Providence of God is broken No use
now to cry and repent, all repentance comes too late. To prepare His coming again, sacrifices must be found. All the faithful shedding their blood, spilling for two thousand years. All this
bloodshed, salvation's price, for three billion men of today. 
23. Suffering Heart
Words: Rev. Sun Myung Moon 1951; Music: Duk Chin Kim
(Click here to listen to Midi -File or go back to list ofHoly Songs)
Darkness gaining power within, tempting my soul to fall. Weak is my heart, blurred are my thoughts, soon I am overcome. Blind to the truth, losing the way, thinking of myself;
So I can see how sin began sprouting within my soul. So I
can see how sin began sprouting within my soul. When my Lord came over to me, I would not hear His voice;
Blinded and deaf, closing my heart, I ran away from Him. So I
remained lost in desire only for myself. Grieving the Lord suffered for me, going again to the cross. Grieving the Lord suffered for me, going again to the cross.
To restore the black lonely night held by the power of sin, Deserts He crossed, walking the way, climbing the rocky peaks. Searching for us people of sin who deserve to die, How then could I ever begin thanking the Lord for such grace? How
then could I ever begin thanking the Lord for such grace?
To defeat the power of death, fighting the realm of sin. I sought the Lord, longing for Him, Bridegroom of my soul. Tortured my heart, suffering alone, fighting deepest pain, Finally today I greet the Lord, gaining all comfort from Him. Finally
today I greet the Lord, gaining all comfort from Him. Joy eternal lifting my heart, swelling within my breast; Now I
behold, Heavenly life, glory and happiness. Always before stung by my sin, I was doomed to die. Finally today I am reborn, filled with abundant new life, Finally
today I am reborn, filled with abundant new life. O my dearest Heavenly bride, now you've come home at last, Deserts you crossed, searching for me, climbing the rocky peaks; You
persevered, faithful to me, longing for this day. How you've become lovely to see through all your suffering and pain, How
you've become lovely to see through all your suffering and pain. Come, O come, together we'll sing songs of eternal praise. Taste
now my love, treasure so pure, Heaven's gift for you; All of my
heart waited for you, yearning for this day. All of my heart waited for you now I can give you my love. All of
my heart waited for you now I can give you my love. 
24. Heart of the Father
Words: Young Hi Yi; Music: Hung Ryol Lee
(Click here to listen to Midi -File or go back to list ofHoly Songs)
Longing to live in deepest joy and love eternal, God was ever seeking for a people all His own. Who can know the yearning of His lonely broken heart?
Tears were falling as a river through His countless years alone. Out of
all the multitude there was none who knew
How the Father's heart was aching, grieving after man. Glorious God, who started life throughout the heavens, Bore
the deepest torture as He saw His children die. Every day
He seeks the beauty lost inside our hearts, Tenderly with love He leads us back to life with Him on high. How
many fathoms deep is His aching heart?
All the tears He shed for earth became an endless sea. Deep from within the heart of heaven came the secret, Now the mighty word, the trumpet call will surely sound. But
as in the time of Noah people laugh and mock, Satisfied to wander aimless in the darkness underground. Fearful is the time to come when the price is paid!
One and all will face the judgment from an angry God. Quickly believe, my people quickly turn and follow!
You can be enfolded in the warmth of Father's heart. All the joy that life can offer calls us home to Him, Now He calls you to be near Him never again to be apart. When at last we run to Him, how He'll cry with joy!
All rejoicing, all together now and evermore.
25. Pledge
Words and music: Yun Young Yang 1956
(Click here to listen to Midi -File or go back to list ofHoly Songs)
My fallen figure shames the earth;
Once I was born, yet never I lived, Never forsaking, You came to me
Giving my life and breaking my chains
Tenderly You gathered me up;
Filled with love and sweating blood, Ever patient, You taught me the word, Carved in my heart, it forever remains. Never I knew what life should be;
All I can do is follow your way. When on the path, I stumble and fall, Turning, You give the courage I need. Though the path is narrow and steep;
Cruel thorns leave a trail of blood. Still I
pledge I will follow the way, Follow as far
as my Father will lead. Freed from a sleep so deep and dark, gladly I wake to knowing your will. Though death may stab me time and again, Nothing can change a loyal heart. This I pledge, my life is for You;
For Your will I rush forward to die. This I pledge till the struggle is done, 'Till we
proclaim the victorious day. 
26. The Father's Dwelling Place
Words and music: Duk Chin Kim 1956
(Click here to listen to Midi -File or go back to list ofHoly Songs)
The Father's dwelling place is the fountain of our life, Drawn to the light of eternal day, we abandon the darkness. May the Word of God in my heart resound
So eternally, to receive His love. We shall be His pride and delight, children of the Living God. Into the
world of Eden regained, Let's go marching together. The Father's dwelling place is the throne of new life, Now
our resurrection is come, which we long awaited. May the Word of God, in my heart resound, So eternally, to receive His joy. We shall be His pride and delight, children of the Living God, Into the
world of Eden regained, Let's go singing together. The Father's dwelling place is the eternal paradise, Where the blessing He had to reserve will be freely given. May
the Word of God in my heart resound, So eternally to receive His praise. We shall be His pride and delight, children of the Living God, Into the
world of Eden regained, Let's go dancing together!
27. Song of the Garden
Words and music: anonymous
(Click here to listen to Midi -File or go back to list ofHoly Songs)
The Lord into His garden comes;
The spices yield a rich perfume;
The lilies grow and thrive, the lilies grow and thrive. Refreshing showers of grace divine, From the Father flow to every vine, And make the dead revive, and make the dead revive. Oh that this dry and barren ground In
springs of water may abound;
A fruitful soil become, a fruitful soil become. The
desert blossoms as the rose, When the Saviour conquers all his foes, And makes His people one, and makes His people one. Come brethren you that love the Lord, And taste the sweetness of His word;
In Father's ways go on, in Father's ways go on, Our
trouble and our trials here, Will only make us richer there, When we arrive at home, when we arrive at home. 
28. Shining Fatherland
Words: Wol SongLee; Music: Anonymous
(Click here to listen to Midi -File or go back to list ofHoly Songs)
Sunlight beaming forth in the East, from the Fatherland;
Bringing tidings of a new world to families in the field. Let us
hasten to send the news all throughout the world, Eden's glory
spreading forever the hope of joy and peace. Chorus:
Dawn, golden dawn, throughout the shining Fatherland, Tells the tidings of the rising sun that brings us life. Harvest quickly men of the fields, hasten to harvest now;
Crops are ripened and ready to bring into the heavenly barn. Saints
and angels and heavenly hosts gather to speed the task; All will share
the harvest of joy at the banquet of our Lord. When the woes of six thousand years are gone from the Father's heart, Sons
and daughters shall live with great joy, our True Parents' own Saints and
sages and men of good faith all waited for this day;
Loyal men of hope and fidelity yearned to see this day. 
29. He Has Called Me
Christian korean hymn
(Click here to listen to Midi -File or go back to list ofHoly Songs)
The Lord has called and I will go, where He leads me I will follow; The same
in sorrow as in joy; with one heart I follow my Lord. For none on earth can turn me back, not even death can stop me, No
none on earth can turn me back, not even death can stop me. To barren valleys piled with bones, I will take the living message; To
Sodom's foul and wretched streets, I will bear the word with love. I bind my
heart, my life to Yours, that it may be an offering, I bind my heart, my life to Yours, that it may be an offering. To You belongs our full acclaim, all glory power and honor, The world's contempt I do not fear, I will gladly bear the cross. Without
esteem, without renown, I only wish to follow, Without esteem, without renown, I only wish to follow. 
30. O, My Child Come Home Again
Christian korean hymn
(Click here to listen to Midi -File or go back to list ofHoly Songs)
O my child, come home again; How I beg you to come home. Though your sin be deep and dark, and your burden hard to bear, Still the Lord of all will forgive you, and accept you in His grace. For the heart
of God is deep and wide, Boundless and eternal His love. O my child, come home again; How I beg you to come home. How He searches every day, for the children of His heart. Every night the Lord leaves the doorway open wide for their return, And He longs for them to come back home, All the ones who left Him behind. O my child, come home again; How I beg you to come home, Though the whip has stung your back, in the tender hands of God, All your suffering path can be lightened, and the Lord can ease your pain, Come and rest within the Father's heart, O
my children quickly come home. 
31. My Cross
Words: Kwang Yol Yoo; Music: Doo Wan Kam
(Click here to listen to Midi -File or go back to list ofHoly Songs)
Who can I go to for my help to bear my heavy cross?
Has not the Lord been helping me before I ever knew?
Because I had no strength to bear the load He gave to me, Six thousand yeas of blood was shed, the thorny path prolonged. Chorus:
I will shoulder now the cross, and pledge I shall endure; Far
beyond Golgotha's pain, now hear the victory. The Lord would never give to me a cross I could not bear. If I give
all the strength I have I shall achieve the goal. I sacrifice to do His will, no trial I cannot bear. I give my life to go this way, no one can turn me back.
Our Father always persevered to see His will be done, If all His children join the task it soon will be achieved. If not, the lonely years of strife will all have been in vain. No matter
what, in fighting on, we'll win eternal joy. 
32. 0 Come, My Lord
Words: Jai Bong Dak; Music: Jai Hoon Pak
(Click here to listen to Midi -File or go back to list ofHoly Songs)
O come my Lord; I beg You to come. O come to me and live within my heart;
Come live in my heart so black and impure, That bears the burden of my sin. O come! My Lord, You are the fire that burns so bright; Come
burn within my heart and cleans my sins, O how I pray that You will come soon;
Come to me O Lord, Live within my heart. O come my Lord; I beg You to come. Come dwell with me my altar now awaits; O
come to the altar waiting for you, But lost and hidden by the night. O come! My Lord, You are the light that fills the world;
Come purify my altar by Your light. O how I pray that You will come soon;
Many altars wait, Dwell with them, O Lord. O come my Lord; I beg You to come. O come and bring new life to all the earth; O
come save the world from dying in pain;
Restore our sinful world. O come! My Lord, You are the strength that will not change; Come
end our evil ways and tragic times. O how I pray that You will come soon;
Crying my heart, Come to us, O Lord. 
33. By the Spring of Life
Words and music: anonymous
(Click here to listen to Midi -File or go back to list ofHoly Songs)
We're marching to the blessed land of Canaan with delight, We're leaving all our heavy burdens here. At last we are released and free from being slaves to sin, Chorus:
We're coming to the blessed spring of life. Coming to the spring where living water flows; In
glory we'll be living evermore. Going to the land where freely flows the spring, In
glory we'll be living evermore. O guide us with your pillars, Lord, of fire and of cloud, O give us
paths to follow with our lives. The moment that we cross the Jordan River is at hand,
We're coming to the blessed spring of life. Coming to the spring where living water flows; In
glory we'll be living evermore. Going to the land where freely flows the spring, In
glory we'll be living evermore. Our thirsting hearts receive with joy the manna from above, Your precious food will always be our strength
So if the future finds us lacking we will not despair We're
coming to the blessed spring of life. Coming to the spring where living water flows; In
glory we'll be living evermore. Going to the land where freely flows the spring, In
glory we'll be living evermore. 
34. When I Behold the Lord
Christian japanese hymn
(Click here to listen to Midi -File or go back to list ofHoly Songs)
When I behold the Lord of all, my old self dies away. So dies
the world of sinfulness giving birth to good. Soon a new
self emerges, clear and bright and pure;
Come and behold the new life, heaven and earth reborn. Now I behold Jerusalem, city of loveliness, Gently descending from above, ever to be my own. Joy never ending is with me, long as the Lord is near; Joy
ever flows in sweetness, river of precious life. Kingdom of God eternal fervently I desired;
heavenly rays so softy fall, shining the Sun of Grace. Springing forth in ripeness, fruit of the Tree of Life, Torment
of doubt is over, gone is the shadow of death. Torturing every part of me, sinfulness rules my soul. Still God can raise me purified, giving creation to me. Letting me live in his palace, shining with golden light; Boundless
His love and kindness, boundless His love for me!
35. Day of Glory
Words and music: Yun Young Yang 1958
(Click here to listen to Midi -File or go back to list ofHoly Songs)
Through silent darkness comes, His constant clearest voice. His
words of truth and life wake us up from sleep. Chorus:
Glory, O Glory, O Glorious Lord, Welcome, O Welcome, O Welcome Him now, Giving all you have and join with our Lord, One with our God, Sharing love and beauty evermore. For now the day all men desire Day of celebration is at hand!
Sunrise and morning comes, we rise up in its light, Spread forth the word of good, giving all your strength.
All holy children come, new days have dawned at last, March forward one and all, quickly now unite. 
36. Song of the Banquet
Words and music: Yun Young Yang 1958
(Click here to listen to Midi -File or go back to list ofHoly Songs)
Pure new life that once was sown within the garden's fertile soil, Sprouting seed has now become a blossom of heavenly loveliness. Father above, Lord of all, shower your blessing upon
This holy day, bond of love forever more!
Hallelujah, Glorious Day of Joy!
Fairest flowers of the meadow, tender buds of perfect form. Now receive the gift of life and dance in the joy of eternal spring Heavenly
host, men on earth, join us in praising this day;
Bless us to share, love's communion faithfully, Hallelujah, Glorious Day of Joy!
Hushed we stand in awe before you, ready now to give our pledge, To
attend and serve completely with an unchanging eternal love. Glorious
King, mighty God, fill with your blessed grace, This dearest one; holy banquet of our love. Hallelujah, Glorious Day of Joy!
Overflowing with your love as dawn proclaims eternal life, Earth and heaven come surround the glorious Parents of mankind, Gather around, sing the song, fragrant the love of the Lord;
Tell all the world, Spring has come eternally!
Hallelujah, Glorious Day of Joy!
37. Our Forefathers
Words and music: anonymous
(Click here to listen to Midi -File or go back to list ofHoly Songs)
Our forefathers built for us a beautiful land;
Till it is completed, we will join in heart and hand. See the
new eternal history, beckoning us to come
Quickly on the journey to the true eternal home. How the beauty of our native land lifts us to the skies; God has
surely chosen this eternal paradise. 
38. Light of Grace
Christian japanese hymn
(Click here to listen to Midi -File or go back to list ofHoly Songs)
O, Light of Grace, shining above, Lighting my dim shadowed way,
O, Light of Grace, easing my pain, You
have shown that God is love. Chorus:
I'll give my life, and my love, unto the one God of love. Though clouds may come, hiding His face, Hiding the smile of my God, Though clouds may come, Still He is there, Shining brightly, Cod is love. Amid the storm, tossed on the sea, Beacon of hope, guiding me. Amid the storm, shelter is near, Trust in Him for God is love. All things decay, passing away, Only the light shall remain;
All things decay; still there is One, True
and faithful, God is love. 
39. Tan Shim Ga
Korean song
(Click here to listen to Midi -File or go back to list ofHoly Songs)
I mo mi ju go do ju go Il
bek pon go jo ju go Beg
gol ri jin to de yo Nok shi
ra do i ko ob ko
Im Hyung han il pyun tan shim Ka sil chul li issu rya Im hyung
han il pyun tan shim Ka sil chul li issu rya. Although my body perishes
And yet one thousand times dies
My bones become ashes
Even my soul vanishes
Still all my love and all my heart
Unchanging remain with you
My everlasting loyalty
Unchanging remains with you. 
40. Urie So Wonun Tongil
Korean Song
(Click here to listen to Midi -File or go back to list ofHoly Songs)
Urie so wonun tongil, Ggumedo so wonun
tongil I mogsum bachoso
tongil Ton-gi-ri yoo-ra
I kyo re salinun tongil, I
nara chanunde tongil
Tongiriosoora
Ton-gi-ri yoo-ra
Our cherished hopes are for unity
Even our dreams are for unity, We'd give our lives for unity, Come along unity. Unity saving the people, Unity saving all nations
Come here quickly unity
Come along unity.
